Is it possible?
he was buried
I don't play
I don’t want to play anymore, I don’t want to play anymore.
I don't play this
I don't play anymore
Let me go
please let me go
Very hot, very hot, very hot, very hot
I don't play anymore
What about the agricultural system you're talking about?
Tian didn't look at her
As soon as I entered, someone chased me.
he will be burned to death
There was something wrong with the system just now
Each delivery time
Inaccurate
Let's fix the equipment
OK
restart
Less anxiety, less anxiety. Less anxiety, less anxiety.
let me tell you
You are in testing phase
The first batch of experienced
After completing the task
Not only can you get rewards
It can also contribute to game development
Here it is this time
Only execute people
i don't think you are
Game experience
I want to send people away
if you come again
can you
pain
Lower it a little
no problem
But I must remind you
Relatives are a stumbling block
You have to go through what you have to go through.
something similar
After you receive the in-game mission and download it,
He said it fifty times
grandfather
Your grandson called you
I'll go out and take a call
Made a lot of phone calls
What is urgent?
Mother
The school will soon start collecting tuition fees
Why don't you ask your father?
My father said money is tight
let me ask you
Your sister is taking piano lessons
spent a lot of money
Your Uncle Li is not in good health
Food, nutritional supplements and pharmaceuticals
This costs a lot of money
After your father and I broke up
I have always been responsible for you
I really tried my best
ask your father
go tell your father
You are already a sophomore
He paid tuition for two more years
you can be free
There is no need to be stingy to save this little money.
but my mother
The second eldest brother is here too
Ryan Manner
Didn't your mother tell you to choose vegetables?
How dare you be lazy here
sister in law
Who is lazy in the pigsty?
leave me alone
This non-player character is very contrived
elder sister
this looks real
so cute
Where do you pour it?
second wife
Did you steal the eggs?
Mother
Don't blame me for being wrong
I've been working all morning
How can I have time to steal your treasure?
Yeah yeah yeah
Yes
Come and help me
sweep the floor
this old lady
Why do you keep touching chicken butts?
How many eggs can a hen lay?
a precise touch
I said
What not to do?
No matter what you eat, there will be nothing left.
You do not work
Do you take a walk around here?
are you still there?
Long teeth and short hands
goodbye
Why did you run?
Why did you hit someone?
Why not boil water when cooking?
go away
third daughter-in-law
Is this you
I took my eggs
Mother
What did you say?
I observe carefully every day
Touch chicken butt in the morning
Exactly five
I just picked up four.
If no one takes this
How can it be less?
say something
Mother
I didn't steal her father.
What happened to my mother?
Just in time for your return
Your wife is good enough
If you say a few words, she won't be happy.
look like this
Mother
The family has been together for many years
you must have a clear mind
your daughter-in-law
She doesn't look like that person
You really raised a good son
How dare you take a wife
Just say I am immortal
Jing said I'm not
Thank you for such a big improvement
How eye-opening?
They are simply the descendants of disloyalty.
Queen
This is his son, isn't it?
I said third brother and third sister
Didn't I just eat an egg?
Just admit it
Mom, the most I can say is a few words from you.
Second sister-in-law, me, me
Yes
Why not just eat an egg?
Just admit it
I admit
Second aunt
Yes
Queen
Mother
Mom, listen to my explanation
What are you doing here?
Mom, you ran away again
It really hurts
Who are in this family?
I've been here a long time
Why haven't I seen the quest yet?
it's a beautiful view
Don’t take photos and post them on Moments
Unfortunately
Get one thousand taels of gold
have no idea
elder sister
go home quickly
I want to scold you
Just scold her and leave her alone.
checkout counter
Can you see the words inside?
seems to be just there
I can see it myself
Sister Xiaoqi asks you
Here we have a choice
how much does it cost?
An option I didn't know about
but I know
Five articles about candied hawthorns
this means
an article in this world
equivalent to a part of the real world
One thousand taels of gold
This is equivalent to ten thousand taels of silver
One tael of silver is equal to one thousand penny.
The total is ten million
Ten million
There are stains on my clothes
Where do you want me to go?
Go get 10 million
Ten million
Doesn't this embarrass me?
elder sister
Are you OK
Ten million
Sister Ye
do you know
How can I earn a thousand gold coins?
One thousand gold
you are crazy
Don't say you made money
We have dozens of lives
I can't see that much money.
How many acres does your family own?
The cupboard must be opened to put milk in
What's wrong
Only uncle's family
Back from the city
Only girls can open lockers
Have a child
Yes
Come on, I'm hungry
large fat meat
Fatty meat tastes better
one slice
two slices
three slices
four slices
five slices
During the Chinese New Year, I only cut four slices.
six pieces
seven slices
eight slices
almost
Mother
Let's give it to Manier
This is what I call marriage
Nothing can go wrong, right?
After all, they are a family
But take it easy
this is marriage
this is your grandmother
and three uncles and three aunts
Everyone nods
child's father
her dad
what are you saying?
if
Your second uncle is sneaky
complications may occur
Your third uncle
honest family
No need to worry at all
You see, your father said so
Wait for tomorrow
The matchmaker picks up the man
That's five hundred taels of silver
I just got it
i got the money
And Lian's family
unless
Only when the flowers bloom can things go well
He married well
I can make a formal donation
the day i took office
This is our family, Lian
The good times have arrived
Yes
remember them all
in front of grandma
No one is allowed to reveal even a word
Dad, look
This is good wine
white pear
this would be better
This is a great snack
Calling for scent
governmental agents
I like this one better
I'll bring it back for you to try
Please introduce yourself
It would be great if this person could come back
I always bring a lot of stuff
This is not a waste of money.
I don't spend money
No money
This might be a gift from someone else
Son, how have you been these past few years?
Bad luck, often failing exams
but
After all, I am knowledgeable.
I'm preparing for the exam
While in private school
classroom teaching
students treat me
Like very much
dad
Are you still busy in the fields?
It's been easy these days
I'll be busy with the autumn harvest in a few days
dad
I put all the firewood in the backyard
Don't tell her here
dinner is ready
tasty food
All right
Come
eat eat eat
Come and give
pour on top
Tree kernels, eat more
all
pour wine
Sher
Look what you are wearing
gold plated hairpin
so hot
This hairpin
Flowers are always reluctant to wear
I have to leave it to you
Come to the flowers
This fat meat is very aromatic and delicious.
eat more
this is for you
What are you chewing in your mouth?
meat
take a look
This is the good daughter I raised
Born from the ghost of greed
The meat is stuffed in piece by piece
Don't think I can't see it
This little thought of yours
I don’t even know how to eat meat myself
stop making noise
It’s not easy to cultivate people
counting
You have meat for your children to eat
This meat
I can't bear to take a bite
What do you mean by this man?
Are you trying to be rude?
Can be eaten by two people
Why can't I eat?
I gave him flowers
Why do you eat it?
I washed seven eggplants
eight cabbage
twenty-nine long beans
why should i
you damn girl
You thought you were going to marry a rich man
Your waist is stiff, isn't it?
repeatedly
Are you contradicting your elders?
Look at the good daughter you raised
I am married
Manier
you say you
I will follow you soon
The young master of the Sun family is married
Such a popular person will eat spicy food from now on
Days of wearing gold and silver
Can it be any less than this?
Why don't I live at my parents' house?
for a piece of meat
Are you angry with grandma?
Then it
Sun family
That is, the Sun family
Sun Li
Yes
you know too
This Sun family is from our local area
great escort
Manier
What a great day for you
What's behind?
Why is this Sun family here again?
If you get married, you may end up buried.
I won't get married
nothing to say
Marriage is a big deal
this is a big thing
As a beginner you have to decide
I want to marry you, not you
Why can't I make a decision?
Third brother
this marriage
I begged someone
I just want to save face
After searching here and there, I finally found the Sun family.
What a wonderful family
first is my father
And you
But they are all exaggerated.
tomorrow
The matchmaker came to pick me up.
Just back and forth like this
How should I face others?
Where should my face be?
rich young man
Why do you have to be so impatient?
Marry me a country girl
Twists and turns in the middle
Who do you know?
perhaps
Drag me to bury
Manier
I don't dare talk to my uncle like this
Look, you're worried, aren't you?
Then why does the Sun family love you?
Isn’t it because you live a good life?
These horoscopes are very similar to Mr. Sun’s predictions
This is a perfect match
This woman?
Sooner or later, you will get married.
If I could marry into the Sun family
this
opportunity of a lifetime
Wouldn't it be a pity to miss it?
my aunt
Such a good marriage
It's time for Sister Hua'er to get married.
you
What stupid thing did you say?
Your sister Wile
Didn’t you recognize the Song family a long time ago?
No boss at work
this is a good thing
Can it fall on your head?
This is a wealthy family
You are still very picky
Is this possible in the future?
I want to marry Uncle Guoguo
You really don't know what's wrong with you
Sanal
what do you think?
Although the marriage has been decided
But look at Mannar's situation
I really don't want to get married
Fortunately, the Sun family
Haven't picked up Man'er yet
With a family like the Sun family
Find people who match your zodiac sign
It's not hard to be afraid
Big brother
Mother
What crime did our family commit?
successively
Leave the good old times behind
What a waste of time
Thank you President
all this is for you
But you are like this
Embarrassed in front of the president
You are such a heartless thing
Mother
look
this is a good thing
When you say you're falling, you're falling
Look how girly you are
I won't get married, I won't get married
I won't get married
Who wants to force me to get married again?
I'll jump into the well
I won't get married
let her jump
Manier doesn't want to get married
I was trying to force her to die.
Why is he like this?
wilderness
If you don't dance, you marry me
Do you dare to bring Joe to me?
Yes
I'd like to see
you and your family
Word spread of forced marriages and the sale of girls.
Do you make people laugh?
who stopped her
I will cook meat for anyone who can stop her.
I am coming
Manier, don't do anything stupid.
child
don't come here
Come here and I'll jump down
you can't come
I still have to eat meat
You, don't come here
come over
Manil, don't jump.
do not come
Manier
Why are you unlucky?
He was burned to death for the last time
I don't think this drowning will be comfortable either.
Manier
hold mom's hand tightly
hurry up
Manier
Manil Manil Manil
You can't do stupid things anymore
Mother
Do you mean Munir?
Why did you suddenly change your mind?
don't worry too much
nothing will happen
Waiting for the matchmaker to arrive tomorrow
i picked it up
That's how he decided
mom, tell me
How did Mannar know?
She married into the Sun family
I won't go I won't
walk to
I don't
he goes
Serve
let me out
you can't hurt me
Who dares to force me again?
I'll put ginger juice on his face
from
from?
Xiao Qi
Well, a few times.
Sister follow me
For what purpose?
My sister won't get married
I will protect my sister from now on
Lovely
Go quickly
Manier
Xiao Qi
Why are you hiding here?
He put a wood seal on me
Manier
Quick baggage claim
Go hide at your uncle's house for a few days
Go quickly
Being a mother means nothing
failed to protect you
these years
Mom is responsible for everything at home
But now this marriage
This is related to your life's happiness
Mom, I can never go on like this.
Let's go now
quickly
he goes
If grandma knew
Just say I will go by myself
Be careful on the road
good agricultural system
I have yet to winnow down the best set of relatives.
What bastard prepared this?
Let me go find my uncle
no one told me
Where is my uncle?
rhubarb
run, run, run
How did you get here?
How long have you been following?
What a wonderful dog.
let's go
he goes
here
You, you are porcelain
No technical content at all
I'm eight feet away from you
Is it a system?
The rhythm of kicking your friends out from the start
unnecessary
Why did you faint?
Possibly hypoglycemia
strange and mysterious
non-player character
If after saving
What hidden plot was touched upon?
that would be annoying
I still have to run for my life
Sorry brother
I don't believe it anymore
Can you still play like this?
are you still there
beautiful
Although I have never done this
But the basic knowledge is still there
What’s wrong with you?
do what do do what do do
How to do how to do
I need to make bigger moves.
rhubarb
hurt
what are you going to do
I just woke you up
Raise your hands and squeeze my neck
repay kindness with hatred
you just want to save me
if not
You do not understand
Since you are the protagonist
There must be a way to help me
let me ask you a question
my uncle
They want to sell me and bury me
what should I do
bury people alive
Contempt for human life
According to the law, the perpetrators must be executed
The accomplices were exiled three thousand miles away
Who dares to do this to you?
Just notify the administrator
I thought you had
What is a good idea?
But I have no basis for this
It was useless for me to report this to the authorities.
people from government
You must be looking for me everywhere
maybe you can seize this opportunity
change identity
This way we can find Thirteen as soon as possible
maybe i can help you
If you have something to say, it's best to say it directly.
I'm tired
How can I find it?
this is a stupid errand
Where can I easily find it?
There are a lot of bandits these days
Could he have been robbed?
Yes, let's look for it tomorrow.
Look how tiring this is
my waist
are you tired?
How can this be good?
hydrated rice
That king is a matchmaker
I will choose someone tomorrow
Anyway, today should be
We have to find Manir again
Is this you
Let the dead girl escape
Yes or no
He said
Yes
It's really you, loser.
If you want to kneel, kneel
Even that damn girl
Before return trip
all kneel down
Manier
What noise is there in the middle of the night?
Ryan Manner
you didn't run away
Where can I escape to?
I can't sleep in the shed
Just lie somewhere else
Big belly
Why are you always kneeling?
granny track
How embarrassing that would be
how
all
This baby is good
I feel relieved now
Let's all go home and rest.
you are an overlooked thing
Sleep like a dead pig
Are you squeaking?
empress, empress
It’s hard for big men to come to you
Do not be angry
What’s wrong with you?
Don't worry, I won't leave
I have a better way
Fuck this marriage
let's go
a set of hairy shoulders
lazy bastard man
The sun hits my ass
Why aren't you awake yet?
I wish I had done that
daughter in law
This is not suitable yet
elder sister
Get up quickly
Nai was scolded outside
elder sister
Where is the phone?
no mobile phone
Days without air conditioning
Not human at all
what time is it
When will that be?
sesh
Purple Bamboo Silver Mao Qin
That time has passed
Why hasn't that person come yet?
I am coming
Please enter quickly
hydrated rice
The matchmaker is here
Mom and dad, please go out quickly.
Then there's the acting.
Manier
patient
Take it easy
host
grandmother
Granddaughter is disobedient
I had a cold a few days ago
I thought it would be fine in a few days
I have no expectations
Very serious
I'm worried I won't be so lucky
Marry into the Sun family
This is not an incurable disease
It doesn't matter
Wait until we arrive at Sun's house
The Sun family will definitely meet
Ask the best doctor to see you
maybe another day
Medicine can cure diseases
That's great
but
if it's not good
The Sun family said
We will keep in touch
Throw the disease vaccine to others
Which
This will not only bring shame to the family
It will also ruin the uncle's reputation.
Manier is right
Now the girl is very sick
marriage is important
If not, then take your time.
dad
my son believes
this is karma
even if you stay at home
The most we can do is
Find a doctor to take a look
All that's left is
resign yourself to fate
The Sun family is very wealthy.
If you go to Sun's house
You will definitely get better care
Manier
The Sun family is far away from our village
Manier is very ill
I'm afraid I can't stand the torture of the road.
behind
Who among us doesn’t have a headache or a fever?
How could she be so sensitive?
grandma is right
host
now that i agree
That's it anyway
I have to go
Even if you die on the road
This is also the fate of my granddaughter
just afraid
Granddaughter is here
impossible
goodbye
grandfather
Manier
in this case
Is it from Ye Shuren?
Good, good, good, good
Hurry up
Walk around and blah blah blah.
I have something else to say
Etc., etc
Wait until I have more to say
I have something else to say
she feels uncomfortable
Manier
Is Leanne Manner home?
You must be Mr. Lian, right?
I'm very polite
Who are you
Leanne Mannier's husband
this child
dad
This is indeed a way
impossible
Manier didn't even move from the door.
Where did such a brat come from?
where do you come from?
you are not like that
Will it ruin our family's reputation?
My home is located in Shengya Village, Qingshan District
Three years ago, I followed my father and brother
Rush to Lotus City
Later I passed by here
Falling in love at first sight with Maner
Later we often met alone
This is not a vigilant move
She is pregnant
Xinnuo
Manier, you are finally here
Does it look like this?
this is not your fault
Commitment time
Why did you come now?
look
I took our kids with me
Come
our
us